# [wondr-buildr](https://kadauber.scripts.mit.edu/wondr-buildr)
My friends and I love the tabletop role-playing game (think Dungeons & Dragons) [*Genius: The Transgression*](https://sites.google.com/site/moochava/genius). In this game, everyone plays as a mad scientist and goes around trying to carry out their nefarious plots. One of the primary mechanics *Genius* is the creation of "wonders" of mad science, which are machines, organisms, and other creations that break the laws of reality. We like to keep track of the wonders that exist, so I made this minimal interface for keeping track of them.
Additionally, this was one of my early forays into developing a backend from scratch. After getting this far into wondr-buildr, I decided to revise my design and switch to implementing a more robust version called [Throwdown](https://kadauber.scripts.mit.edu/throwdown). The source code for this new project can be found [here in my Github](https://github.com/kadauber/throwdown).
## What's a "Wonder"?
In short, wonders are creations of mad science such as mind readers, teleporters, death rays, and other reality-breaking machines. The basic qualities of a wonder are its name, owner, "axiom," and "rank." The axiom places the wonder in a class of effects, such as destruction for Katastrofi, transformation for Metaptropi, or control for Epikrato. The rank describes the difficulty of building the wonder. For example, an Exelixi (restoration) wonder of rank 1 can only heal, whereas an Exelixi 5 wonder can bring back the long dead. These types of wonders are clearly defined in the rulebook. One of the reasons I switched to developing Throwdown instead of wondr-buildr was to build a more robust database definition of a "wonder."
